Welcome back everybody.
And this video we're going to begin the first step of the idea process.
We're going to import the data set.
We're going to do a couple of the exploration and we're going to clean up a little bit.
All this is going to be some housekeeping before we're ready for probably the histograms.
So let's begin now.
The first person.
Every script that we write here is going to be important libraries of course.
So we're going to import Pandurs map least leave Nampa and see if we're good.
Now let's worry about importing the actual data.
So we create a new data set variable.
We are going to import this using read the C S B be great.
And finally the data set is actually called financial data that see as we exit and so let's run it Larry
or we have data data set import.
So now let's begin the actual FDA process.
So we're going a little CDA.
And of course not every data set that we're going to have is going to be in a CSP format sometimes when
we do these projects where we're carrying data from a database.
So we always have to do.
And I'd recommend this for a project just to we see it on your actual interpreter the con..
So here we see the data as we've seen in the previous video.
Everything that we expected.
That's good.
We actually looked at the columns again.
Pretty straightforward everything that we have exploring the Prue's video and what actually matters
here and what I want to do that we haven't done before so far is to look at the descrive function.
So we applied the describe method to dataset and Sukant gibbers a description of all the market calls.
So it didn't really matter because it's just a randomized user id h actually does matter.
OK.
So we see that the minimum age is 18 years so which is what we expect.
And we see that the maximum age 96 years old.
So there's somebody who is pretty old.
Now the media which is the 50 percentile is on around to your source again 480 evenly distributed.
It's nothing crazy on this.
And if we jump into the next feels home owner seems to be pretty good the medium still 0 but the 75
percentile is now one.
So this tells us that it's somewhat evenly split because the mean is 45 42 percent.
All right.
So the income the lowest monthly income is 905 the high ones we have is almost $10000 per month.
Now four months employ obviously the smallest one and the one to be zero which is months zero 1 1.
And this one's going to be month 11 get the same four years employed.
Your employer is going to be the minium in 0 years employee meaning that you have less in the year employed
and the maximum went up to 16.
And we see something similar in corrent address if we just jump into personal account again months.
Our upper bounded by 11 years are not upper bound or Also we don't have anything here.
Fuller has that we see that the average is 75 79 percent meaning there's 79 percent of these people
right here have some that amount requested it's on the lower lower end 350 the highest then now and
again pretty pretty straightforward.
And then we have the racecourse the center scores inquiries the higher amount increases thirty's So
we have up to a person who has had 30 inquiries in the last month which is pretty crazy actually but
the median and the 75 percent range from 6 to 8 so this third is probably just an aberration and we
have the response Berryville with 52 percent.
We can conclude that almost half of them are esign and I'm happy with them are not esign So they're
pretty balanced when it comes to we're good.
So now just do a little more housekeeping.
So we're going to begin with cleaning the data and cleaning the data and we're going to do this as follows.
We're going to apply the east and they function and we're going to play the any function but both methods
to this dataset.
And what is going to return is all the columns that have any kind of any and here we can see that none
of the columns.
There is no particular field here that has any missing values which is pretty good.
This is not always going to be the case with datasets that we work with infinity or any other industry
but because these sort of people are users who are coming from a intermediary market place then.
Then we can believe that the data that we're getting from them is accurate whatever data cleaning they
do whatever regular data they exist that shouldn't be used.
They're probably going to clean it before it even arrives to us.
So we have a very good expectation that the data we're getting from their P2P marketplace is clean.
So this is just a housekeeping to make sure that our data is clean.
This is something they should always check.
Even though we're not going to do anything with this in this video because it's already clean you should
always check this just to make sure that you're sure this is the case.
OK.
So that's about it for this video.
Just a quick housekeeping analyzing what we're working with.
And now we can actually get ready to work on the histograms and see how the data is Bulos better through
histogram plots.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next Meteo.